Hello, welcome all
Address: 

543 E Westfield Blvd, Indianapolis, IN 46220, USA

I put this on github so I have a place to upload the photos and recipes, and I could only think of using google drive or github, and I thought this was more fun. 

Anywho, recipes are linked somewhere. Maybe I'll upload photos here afterwards, if you don't want them here lmk.

Also, if anyone has a stick blender lmk I need to borrow it for this.

Menu:
Dumplings, boiled or pan fried (or steamed)
Vegetarian dumplings (probably steamed)
Xiao Long Bao aka soup dumplings 

Dessert
Ice cream but we aren't allowed flavors you can normally find. 
Planned ones: Lotus mooncake style, (Frank's) hotsauce. 
I have an idea for a popcorn version but no one has said yes to that yet so lmk if you want that. 
  
"The Snitch" 
See recipes
Also, this is probably not going to look like the picture but this whole event is really an excuse for me to try and make this. 

Helping during the event. 
If you don't want to cook, at least try to clean a little. 

(you can be more than one) The general roles are:
People helping others make dumplings (ie the ones who came early and I showed them the like 3 things you need to know) 
Cleaners
Ice cream people (I think I'll plan on making the base ahead of time, so its really just mixing whatever you feel like and pressing a button on the machine)
^^^ no skill necessary for those roles I promise.

If you want to help with the snitch, I'm sure I'll it'll quite hard.



Schedule:
idk like 10 am - 12 ish we will make sushi, we have eel, smoked salmon, avocado, cucumber, cream cheese, and fish roe. Everyone is welcome to come to lunch too, just let me know when you plan on arriving

After lunch is just prepping dumplings, if you want to be here for that part and get more expereience, or just chill and watch like Australian Masterchef/Ratatouille. 
I doubt dumpling prep would take this long. Personally, I'll probably be doing snitch/mooncake work after I teach the helpers. 

Anyone can eat during this process, but we will have very small very brief event ~6:30 or whenever Anthony gets here after work. 

Desset- ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ whenever we get to it 


Rules:
1. Please don't make me add any more rules regarding behavior. 
2. Also this isn't my place so treat it well
3. Also, clean up your own mess. 
~rules I had to add~
3. Don't smell like weed
4A. The 4th rule is in regards to politcal discussion, so if you don't plan on bringing it up just don't bother reading.












4. So there used to be a no politics rule, however I will amend it to allow thoughtful discussion. If you absolutely must discuss something typically taboo, I basically require a thesis statement. 
Give me some supporting facts, a counter argument etc. I'm more than willing to reinstate a blanket ban. This shouldn't be a big deal, in general, respectful discussion is fine, but there's plenty of other things to talk about.

